# Dev Log — 2025-06-23

## What I Worked On

- Learning about the JS URL API
- Learning about ICANN
- Got familiarized with the concept of subdomains
- Learned about URIs vs URLs
- Reviewed about the Promise object
- Learned about bugs vs errors

## What I Learned

- I learned that JS has an API for parsing URL string into an object.
  It is used to easily read the components of the URL of make changes to them.
  For documentation, refer to this: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL

- I learned that there is this non-profit-organization that handles the internet's global
  addressing system. It is called ICANN or Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers.
  It keeps the DNS system up and running, making sure that IP addresses and domain names
  are unique and globally consistent.

- A domain name can have subdomains. Subdomains are generally used to organize and separate
  different parts of a website or service using a prefixed value to the domain name.
  Subdomains give flexibility to separate content, functionality, infrastructure, teams, or
  audiences — without needing a whole new domain name.

- URIs are referred to as Universal Resource Identifiers, and are used to idenitfy resources
  that are mostly accessed via the internet. URLs or Universal Resource Links on the otherhand
  are a type of URI that is used specifically for internet links. All URLs are URIs.

- JS has a promise objects that represent eventual completion or failure of an asynchronous
  process. It is declared using the Promise constructor which takes in a function with two
  engine-genearted function parameters, usually called resolve and reject, which represents
  the callback functions to signal the success or failure of the process. This syntax is now
  more commonly written with async/await syntax, coupled with try/catch for error handling.

- Bugs are unexpected things happening in the code. Errors are often expected, which means
  it can be handled gracefully. Bugs are usually bad, while errors are not always. Bugs are
  fixed using debuggers and debugging techniques, while errors are managed via error handlers
  within the code.

## Questions / Confusions

-

## What I Want to Try Next

-

## Bonus Notes

-
