# Dev Log — 2025-06-24

## What I Worked On

- Learned about HTTP Headers
- Learned about the Headers API
- Learned about the use of X-API-Key
- Reviewed the .json() method
- Reviewed the JSON.stringigy() and JSON.parse()
- Learned about XML
- Reviewed the Fetch API
- Learned PATCH vs PUT

## What I Learned

- HTTP Headers are simply what hold additional information that clients and
  servers passed with each request and response. They are key-value pairs that
  pass metadata about the request or response.
- Headers API allows the users to perform various actions on the http headers.
  These actions include retreiveing, setting and removing a header value.
- With the right configuration with the app's backend, X-API-Key metadata
  can be used for user authentication.
- .json method is a function that can be used to the response object which
  returns its JSON data after it is parsed as a JS object.
- JSON.stringify() is the method used to parse a JS object to a JSON data.
  JSON.parse() acts similarly with .json method in a way that is parses JSON
  to a JS object, but it only accepts string that is a valid JSON as input.
- Learned about an alternative to JSON called XML. It is referred to as
  Extensible Markup Language which is structuted like HTML, it is like JSON
  but in a different syntax. Instead of key-value pairs, it wraps data into
  XML tags.
- Fetch API is a tool used to send an HTTP request to a server. It takes in
  the URL of the request recipient with the necessary data to succesfully fetch
  for what the user intends to, such as the HTTP request method, headers, mode
  and body.
- PATCH is for swapping out the entire resource, while PUT is only for partial
  changes. However, most servers still use PUT for partial and full resource
  updates.

## Questions / Confusions

-

## What I Want to Try Next

- Protecting the server from double POST bugs for the same data.

## Bonus Notes

-
